# tsslope-siml


## Description
We provide HPC workflows in Python drivers to generate training data generated by TS simulator to train TS ML models. These workflows are based on existing software libraries, such as [libEnsemble](https://github.com/Libensemble/libensemble) for handling a large number of ensembles of simulations (that is, TS simulations) on massively parallel HPC platforms. At this moment tsslope-siml allows  simulating TS  using PowerWorld. Interfacing with ANDES is under consideration.

tsslope-siml also  provides Python scripts that train a ML model to learn  TS measures, such as TS indexes (which are integrated in optimization models using  `tsslope-pump`). 

## Installation

No installation is required. To use the python scripts in this folder, one need to install some third-party packages.
- `PowerWorld`, a commercial power system simulator, is required for all the scripts.
- `esa` is an easy-to-use wrapper for PowerWorld's Simulator Automation Server (SimAuto). It can be obtained from: https://github.com/mzy2240/ESA.
- `libEnsemble` is an adaptive, portable, and scalable software for connecting "deciders" to experiments or simulations. It can be obtained from https://github.com/Libensemble/libensemble


## Usage
- DataGen_PW_parallel.py --- An example to show how to run PowerWorld PF and TS simulations from different initial points in parallel. This script creats data for the later training in ML.
- run_pw_opf_libensemble.py --- An example to sure how to run PowerWorld OPF simulations in parallel in python.